Updates map.draw_rectangle API to be consistent with map.submap (#3677)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3677.feature.rst

> Updates ``map.draw_rectangle`` API to be consistent with ``map.submap``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates `sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle`` API to be consistent with `sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap`. The old API is now deprecated and will be removed in SunPy 2.1.
```
I need to double check this.

Author: May I commit this suggestion?

Reviewer: Sure.

> Updates ``map.draw_rectangle`` API to be consistent with ``map.submap``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle` API to be consistent with `sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap`.
```

Reviewer: I forgot the full import for GM.

Reviewer 2: Ha ha, is this a GitHub bug?  The suggested difference shows up as HTML on my side.  Don't click "commit suggestion"!

Reviewer: HTML?

Reviewer: I see it now, I wonder how on earth that happened.

> Updates ``map.draw_rectangle`` API to be consistent with ``map.submap``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle` API to be consistent with `sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap`.
```

> Updated the APIs for :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle` and :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap` to be consistent with each other when using named arguments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Change the APIs for :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle` and :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap` to be consistent with each other and to use keyword only arguments for specifying a the bounding box.
```

> Change the APIs for :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle` and :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap` to be consistent with each other and to use keyword only arguments for specifying a the bounding box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Change the APIs for :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.draw_rectangle` and :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.submap` to be consistent with each other and to use keyword-only arguments for specifying the bounding box.
```
